https://www.budgetqatar.com/budgetonline/qa-gb/budget.nsf/c/siteservice,help,about_budget?opendocument

Help
النسخة العربية
Country and Language selection
Outside Qatar?
You may prefer one of our worldwide web sites.
“Please select"
“Please select"
Home
Get a Quote
Car Guide
Rental Locations
Manage Reservation
About Budget
Chauffeur Drive
Door-2-Door
Leasing
Car Sales
Contact us
Home
Help
About Budget
Company Overview
Founded in 1958, Budget Rent-a-Car 's global network now includes more than 2,700 locations, operating a wide range of cars, vans and trucks in 115 countries.
Budget Qatar was established in 1982 and is owned by Fakhro Group.
Our 28 years of local market knowledge, international exposure & the strength of one of the world’s largest car rental brands made Budget one of the leading Car Rental providers in Qatar.
As our name suggests we’ve always been synonymous with great value for money and now offer a wide range of products designed to suit the requirements of our customers.
Our aim is to be a leader in the vehicle rental industry by focussing on customer’s satisfaction; our staff performance, innovation and operational efficiency are put at our customers disposal.
OUR VISION
“We will be a growth orientated car rental company by efficiently serving the value- conscious customer for all their car rental needs”.
OUR MISSION
“Provide the leadership and support necessary to sustain long-term growth and customer satisfaction for our Qatar-class brands. We will passionately promote quality and service at all levels while enhancing our brand’s competitive advantage”.
OUR VALUES :
Commitment : We consider being a value-driven organization to be our core strength. Budget Qatar employees strive every day to achieve our Vision.
Integrity : We display integrity at all times in the business decisions we make and the manner in which we conduct our professional relationships. We support a culture of open communications and a spirit of teamwork. We also value the role that diversity among our employees, suppliers and partners plays in our success.
Responsibility : We value our responsibilities as a corporate citizen, always aware of how our actions can benefit the community and we are sensitive to the needs of our environment. We make decisions understanding our responsibility for serving the interests of our customers. As a service orientated company whose success is rooted in the satisfaction and performance of our people, we take responsibility for furthering the professional development of our employees at every level of the organization.
Fleet
Budget Qatar is currently operating a fleet of more than 1000 vehicles in Qatar with no vehicle is older than 24 months. We provide a very wide range of cars from Economy to Super Luxury Vehicles including SUV’s, Pick-Ups, Mini-Vans, and Buses etc., at affordable rates and unique packages customized to meet our valuable customers requirements.
For your peace of mind all our vehicles are safety checked and cleaned before every rental and because we are constantly renewing our fleet you will be driving some of the very latest model vehicles all at very competitive rates.
Services
With our wide variety of services we are able to offer our customers tailor made services for their unique requirements.
Self Drive Rentals (daily, weekly and monthly) - Click here for a quote
Chauffeur Drive Service - Click here for more
Transfers - Door-2-Door - Click here for more
Long Term Rental & Leasing Options - Click here for more
Regional & International Bookings - Click here for a quote
Additional Services
24-Hour Free Road Side Assistance & Vehicle Replacements
24-Hour Airport Rental Facility
Fast Break Card, a priority service at Budget locations worldwide
Baby / Child Seats
GPS Rentals
Daily Newspaper & Bottled Water in Chauffeur Driven Vehicles.
Reservation Procedure
Reservations can be made directly by telephone, e-mail or through our website .
Payment Method
We are currently offering a variety of different payment options to suit the needs of our partners and customers. Rentals can be settled by individuals through any major credit card & by cheque or bank transfer for corporate customers (subject to Budget Qatar credit policy).
Rental Terms & Conditions
All drivers should be above 21 years of age (Luxury fleet minimum age of 25 years old).
Renter must produce valid ID or passport & valid visa.
Renter must produce valid driver’s license which should be at least 1 year old.
Valid form of payment must accompany reservation / rental – NO CASH RENTALS ON LEASING OR SHORT TERM RENTALS (Conditions Apply).
Full comprehensive insurance inclusive of third party liability is included (Conditions Apply).
Fuel is not included. The vehicle is provided with a full tank of fuel & expected to be returned with full tank, otherwise a 5% service charge to the fuel cost will be charged.
Vehicle is not allowed to cross the Qatari Boarder.
Additional Charges
Budget Qatar will deliver and collect your vehicle at your place of convenience for a minimal charge of QR 30 one way.
One-off surcharge of QR 30 per rental is levied on all rentals that originate from Doha International Airport.
Traffic fine surcharge of QR 25 will be levied on all traffic violations.
Budget Rent a Car Qatar © 2026
Site Map Terms & Conditions
Change cookie Setting