https://www.budgetsaudi.com/en/contact-budget/About-Budget

About Budget Saudi Arabia
About Budget Saudi Arabia
Our Journey: Founded in 1978 with one rental office, 20 cars, and a team of 15 employees. Today, the Unitrans Group of companies, well known through its flagship brand Budget Saudi, operates a combined fleet of over 54,000 cars approximately, 120+ rental offices, and over 1,700 employees. Our Head Office is in Jeddah, with Regional Offices in Riyadh and Dammam, along with branch offices in: Rabigh, Makkah, Al Baha, Baljurashi, Taif, Yanbu, Umluj, Abha, Muhayal Aseer, Qunfidah, Bisha, Jizan, Bayesh, Najran, Tabuk, Al Ula, Al Jouf, Madinah, Al Wajh, Al Kharj, Buraidah, Hail, Al Hasa, Jubail, Arar, Turaif and Hafr Al Batin.
Growth & Expansion
Recently, we have expanded our business through the acquisition of AutoWorld and acquiring a major stake in GES Logistics, further strengthening our market presence and service capabilities.
Our Services & Infrastructure
20+ workshops across the Kingdom.
20+ airport rental offices in Jeddah, Dammam, Riyadh, Madinah, Taif, Jizan, Buraidah, Hail, Turaif, Al Baha, Al Ula, Tabuk, Al Jouf, Al Qaisumah, Bisha, Arar and Najran.
Presence at 4 major railway stations – Jeddah, Makkah, Madinah, and KAEC.
80+ mobile workshops ensuring seamless service and maintenance.
Our Vision
To be the leading and first choice vehicle leasing and mobility provider in Saudi Arabia.
Mission
To achieve customer excitement and confidence by focusing on quality, reliability, and cost efficiency, as well as bringing new product innovations to market.
Core Values
We always strive to achieve customer excitement and confidence by creating memorable journey experiences
We focus on quality, reliability, and cost efficiency of our products.
We fortify our leadership position by investing in our employees, infrastructure, and technology.
We conduct our business with high ethical standards, transparency, and effective corporate governance.
We respect our commitment to our suppliers, customers, and strategic partners.
We are committed to drive our bottom-line success and stakeholder returns creating sustainability and impeccable legacy
We nurture talents, foster cordial work environment, provide opportunities for career development and self actualization
We promote teamwork and celebrate success together while making our patrons delighted and loyal
We encourage community service by our employees and recognize their contributions to social cause
We are committed to protect our environment, contribute to sustainability initiatives and promote green and renewable energy resources
Slogan
“Keep Moving”
Purpose
Budget Saudi’s purpose is to contribute to the growing economy of Saudi Arabia by job creation for the welfare & upliftment of the society.
Promise
We’ve never lost sight of the fact that first, last, and always, we are a customer-driven service company. Satisfying customers means knowing what they want. Providing first-rate solutions and constantly reassessing how we conduct our business serves as an integral function of our business approach. As a dynamic company, Budget always strives to anticipate and meet the present and future desires of customers, always being proactive, and always being in a state of innovation for success. We are a car-rental company that prides itself on our long-standing ability to listen, learn, and understand the nuances of our clientele.
Every innovation we develop is aimed at guaranteeing the promise that the Budget trademark offers: to create value for your money and a safe driving experience. We are delivering that promise by ensuring integrity in everything we do, quality in every one of our products, and accountability for results.
Customer First Always
There is no doubt that Budget puts customers first and is constantly striving to improve its services. The quality of service and its value to our customers is the essence of our business. Fast, efficient, affordable, and dependable is the true meaning of value.
We have reshaped our business in order to realize our potential as a unique car rental company. Accordingly, our mission is to respond to customers’ needs across our entire market.
Accomplishing this mission means that every day we have to live up to our values so that people continue to invite us into their lives. We have maintained our special place in local cultures by recognizing the differences between countries and regions. We continually operate as model business citizens, consistently shaping our decisions to improve the quality of services
in the communities in which we do business. We encourage our employees to develop to their fullest potential and we infuse every aspect of our business with the spirit of innovation.
Achieving the highest level of quality service and attention to detail covers the facets of our core business strategies. From reservation to rental closing, our customers experience satisfaction at every step, transforming car renting into a totally new experience. Ease, simplicity, flexibility, and hands-on assistance are common trademarks of Budget services and products.
With a wide range of service offerings, we have responded to exactly what the market needs. From Car Rental, Car Leasing, Quality Pre-owned Car Sales, International & Domestic Reservations, Cross-Border Rentals, Chauffeur Driven Services, and Premier Limousine Services, we have proven our capability and quality of service, unparalleled in the car rental industry in Saudi Arabia.
Budget Saudi Arabia financial performance
Click here to review on the Saudi Stock Exchange.
Contact Budget
Online Contact Form
Social Media
About Budget