https://www.budgetsaudi.com/en/Help---Advice/Hiring-a-vehicle/Collecting-your-vehicle

Collecting your vehicle
Please bring along all of the following documentation prior to collecting your vehicle:
Driving licence
Please note: Saudi Citizen/residents and GCC nationals will need to provide their local driving licence. all other nationals should provide international driving license.
Major credit card
Please note: If you have been issued with a voucher you will still be required to leave a deposit on your credit card. Cash / Cheques and Debit cards are usually not acceptable.
Reservation confirmation details
Passport plus one other form of indentification, eg, utility bill
It will not always be necessary to produce additional indentification. However, we recommend that you are fully prepared to avoid disappointment.
Vehicle standards
Upon arrival at your destination, your vehicle should be readily available for rent. We aim to ensure that all vehicles are both cosmetically and mechanically sound. However, on the rare occasion that these standards are not met, please ensure that you advise a member of staff. This will enable them to address the situation prior to you leaving the location.
Pre-rental inspection
You will also be given a Pre-rental inspection form, which you are required to sign. This document should detail any minor scratches/dents that may already be present on the vehicle. It is very important that you check the vehicle prior to acceptance and highlight any damage that has not already been noted on the form. You should be aware that if any new damage is found upon return of the vehicle, you (the customer) are held liable.
Fuel
Your rental vehicle will normally be supplied to you with a full tank of fuel. However, some locations operate a fuel option policy. Should this be available, you will have a choice of one of the following -
Option One
Pay in advance for the fuel and bring the vehicle back empty. The location will fill the tank at, or sometimes below, the current retail pump price. Credits will not be given for unused fuel.
Option Two
If you are not sure how far you will be driving, but plan to stop for fuel, we recommend that you do not pay Budget in advance for fuel and bring the car back full to avoid any refuelling service charges.
Option Three
If you won't be using a full tank and don't have time to stop for fuel, pay us only for the fuel that you use. Please note that this will be based on the rental location's per- litre refuelling service charge. The location staff can advise how much the service charge is.
Help & advice
Help & advice
Hiring a vehicle
Motoring advice
Hiring a vehicle
Collecting your vehicle
Making a complaint
Guide to renting
Rental agreement overview
Top ten car hire tips