https://www.budgetsaudi.com/en/Help---Advice/Hiring-a-vehicle/Rental-agreement-overview

Overview Rental Contract Terms and Conditions
This overview of contract terms is not binding and does not constitute the rental agreement itself. You are still required to read the full terms and conditions in the original contract.
Implications
By signing the rental agreement you agree to rent a vehicle from XXXX and to be responsible for the vehicle and other items rented under the same contract, until it has been handed back to a representative of XXXX and assessed by them. It is your responsibility to return the vehicle in the same condition it was provided to you.
Damage
You are responsible for damage -subject to proven technical fault of the vehicle - to the rental vehicle which was not noted at the beginning of the contract. You will responsible for the cost of repair for this damage. The amount you are responsible for will be limited to the excess amount you agreed to in the contract.
Out of office Returns
If you decide to return the vehicle out of office hours then you will be responsible for the vehicle until it has been inspected by the company. You are advised to make a thorough check of the vehicle and take photographs. You should, where possible, park the vehicle in a safe and legal space.
It is always advisable to make sure the vehicle is checked by a representative of XXXX to ensure both parties agree with the vehicle condition.
Traffic Violations
You are responsible for all road traffic offences, including parking and speeding violations while the vehicle is in your possession. In addition to the fine, you may be charged an administration fee. The way road traffic offences are handled and charged depends on the type of fine and country where the offence took place.
Fuel Option
You will be given options relating to the amount of fuel you will need to return the vehicle with. These will be explained to you at the beginning of your rental.
You should return your vehicle with the level of fuel you agreed to and ensure you put in the correct type of fuel. Failing to do so will result in further costs being charged to you.
Additional drivers
Only driver(s) included in the rental agreement may drive the vehicle. You will ensure that no other person is allowed to drive the vehicle.
Return
Unless the rental company has agreed otherwise you will return the vehicle at the agreed time and location. Failing to do so will result in additional charges as indicated in the terms and conditions.
Rental Agreement
Please ensure you understand the terms and conditions of the agreement. If you are unclear on any aspect of the agreement, then you should ask the rental company to clarify.
Help & advice
Help & advice
Hiring a vehicle
Motoring advice
Hiring a vehicle
Collecting your vehicle
Making a complaint
Guide to renting
Rental agreement overview
Top ten car hire tips