https://www.budgetsaudi.com/en/services/budget-saudi-loyalty-program

Budget Saudi-Loyalty Program
Available to all Budget Customers, even first time customers and is effective immediately
Enjoy Discounts & additional mileage allowances within Saudi Arabia and Abroad
Welcome To Budget Loyalty Program
Budget Saudi is the leading car rental company in the Middle East region and is synonymous with the highest levels of quality and customer service. Our goal is to continually improve our services and make sure that our customers’ needs are satisfied.
Budget Loyalty Card is not a debit card or a credit card. It is our way of expressing our appreciation for your patronage by rewarding you every time you rent with us.
Simple way to join Budget Loyalty Club
Budget Loyalty is available to all Customers of Budget Saudi, even to first time customers and is effective immediately.
Simply rent a car from any of our locations in KSA and immediately enjoy your benefits, after completing the registration process.
Alternatively, you may also register online to fill in your details – it only takes a few minutes.
Earning points
You'll earn points every time you rent a car from us, no matter how you choose to pay.
For every SAR 100 spent one reward point is earned.
Rewards points collected are valid for life.
Redeeming points & Benefits
Points can be redeemed in slabs of 50, 100, 200 and 500.
These points can be redeemed at any Budget Saudi locations.
Benefits
Silver - 100 SAR = 1 point
Free 250 KM Daily / 7000 KM Monthly
Additional 3% discount on Walkin Rate.
Gold- 100 SAR = 1 point
Free 300 KM Daily / 8000 KM Monthly
Additional 7% discount on Walkin Rate.
Platinum- 100 SAR = 1 point
Free 350 KM Daily / 9000 KM Monthly
Additional 12% discount on Walkin Rate.
*Walkin Rate is at 30% discount.
Terms and conditions:
Applicant or renter should be at least 21 years and above.
Should possess a valid Saudi driving license.
Only one membership per person.
Membership is non-transferable.
Points are non-exchangeable, non-refundable or non-redeemable in cash or credit.
Budget has the right to change or modify rules, regulations, rewards and km allocation at its sole discretion.
Budget has the right to cancel the membership of any member without any intimation and at its sole discretion.
Eligible for upgrades depending upon vehicle availability.
Tier upgrade eligibility based on points accumulated to qualify for next level within 24 months .
If loyalty card is lost or stolen, Budget Customer Care Center to be contacted on email bccc@budgetsaudi.com and a replacement card will be provided at a cost of SAR 50.
Reward points are not collected when card used outside the Kingdom at partnering Budget franchisees.
Points redemption can be made at all Budget locations within Saudi Arabia only.
Services
Corporate Leasing
Budget Saudi Loyalty Program
Chauffeur Service
Customer Registration Form
Short Term Rentals
Used Car Sale
Mobile App
Quick Pass at Airport